people what is going on here is the restauration
and I have another video for
you and it goes this time as it in the title
already it is about the learned pater sabu
blue or just yes, I just got that
I just bought it at Amazon
actually I wanted the box now
in this video to box more or
less but the problem is I have
me this box with the week and the
merchandise stuff this little box and
I have ordered what he is in there
problem is amazon has not on
I had stock shortly but order
really big cinema amazon in any case
but it is so I read the pre-order
I will activate the video if I have the
then maybe still upload
that 's just what the us write
Comments might see something in there
is what man actually is because then
steak one more or there are already
about 500 unboxing videos of this
box on youtube good plan failed
nothing is about the music and not
what is there and there I have to
I have always been no fan though
also seen so I think the art
the rape he does is great
I just like it
I think the style is good, I think that
accentuation is something very, very different
and that's easy from the first pre
safe ipo or from the critical duration
that's exactly the same
style has not changed
in the album it's mostly about skipping
and more or less from us
German rappers or the rap scene
general without someone like her now
for example flair or something
to address someone directly
generally and personally
I think that's really what he thinks
So right, so I have now
completely listened to three times and am the
opinion that he too
i'm right with what he has in the
So videos say he does not have a rap style
which actually I think he is for
somewhere unique in germany
Germany had never heard anyone
works as well with emphases and
now every second song
completely double time or its or
Whatever it is but it really is
something unique and he does that too
in this whole album a bit
he simply says that embody
whole german or the whole rap-scene
generally everyone has become bored
somehow wants a trial period around
Everybody offends anyone
everyone to normal he would have double time
or 1003 syllables or something else
make or is just wide
kicked and the community speaks too
to say that we are going to stop
that's because the animals do sponge bobs
500 words of a second
and that's why he's over rapper
Whats up with what looks like the album
also has the case is sometime
just keep the text content completely
from asus this is my personal
Opinion and opinion is also represented
many contentless texts which extreme
good and quickly awakened are good
what's nice, I have a seesaw too
to the album could also be a
find a job
and he's gone he has the rail i like
my style I have to go with him I have to
500 chains or film chains or
otherwise somehow shit but I have
keep my style and he
works because he can do something
something not everyone in the market can and
I like that too
that was then it's just like in all
other songs as he actually does
a lot about skip but also really the
fixed on saying German is
actually boring and i have now
the album belongs 34 times rat i know
no longer run casually
run my favorite song I
now like to pack here
a mobile hero da amazon music is like that
beautiful on amazon music dance
So my favorite song is where I am
I really have to say that
really cool that I find very much
well done it means draws I pull
and fit made extremely cool because then
also has meaningful text content
and that also gives video to that must
but you always here at youtube always
search
The video is very first cream videos
really made really cool and me
think that is also an improved
I think that's on the album otherwise
the songs before that
have been known had been known
have been known turn
I find otherwise very well find
I still all the other songs
really really the only one
What I do not like is daddy can do that
But you do not have to listen to it
but I still think that's good
I want to be on each one now
received as 30 so the song number
three lorry but 30 each as a
bit a bit private
with one but to that right off again
cards and says okay here I want
my album the entertainment and me
would like with private welded so
that you are not interested in speaking
one very briefly something private at
lets that fall directly again find that
I also really bad because of that
just would not do that person
if you are quite honest
So I have to say I bought it
finds a bit disappointed that the
boxer is there with but has
luckily about amazon about this
Amazon cloud player the thing now
meanwhile my name is down
loaded and was on vox could big
I have to say who the cvp and the
bdp who liked this rap is definitely
not disappointed with the album
I really think first tip
But you have to say you really have to
first of all a few songs maybe
Listen to youtube
maybe a few battle rap rounds
to look at it from him is it
because at all my music style because
this style
I know a lot of the german web
they all say I can not do that
that's not for me
and accordingly also people said
they say hey that's something
other that's it too and with field and
that's just where you want to go
i say i like it is really good
I can not do it very much yet
two more companies and industries again
Someday I will do it
Just come back because if you do not
really this emphasis and this
music style in the long run, I believe
Your tips on how to annoy
but all in all very very successful
album and superior for the people
It is really possible to beat the purchase
top so there is not more to say
you got the album you have
the alps already heard how do you think
it was the video you looked at
tell me your opinion in the
Comments
if you want that and thanks for
see
see you